before the internet before cellphones
before rollerblades there was a time
when Robbie Hart was the most popular
wedding singer around
[Music]
until he got stood up at his own wedding
I realize I'm about to marry a wedding
singer once again things that could have
been brought to my attention yes
New Line Cinema presents nervous
breakdown Adam Sandler hey psycho get
out of my van Halen t-shirt before you
jinx the pen and they break up and Drew
Barrymore you're the wedding singer I'm
Ravi I'm Julia in a story about finding
love where you least expect it oh you
like her no I do this is my fiancee
Glenn I only know your last name
it's gulia Julia's last name is gonna be
ghoulia Juli had Google yeah that's
funny why is that funny I don't know I
just know the girl of his dreams is
about to marry mr. wrong
that's great eight top-choice meat to
make breakfast for men unless he can
pull off the performance of a lifetime
she in brunches him to plane to Vegas
I'm thinking of leaving plans for the
wedding he's more than a lover you think
of the jacket no man I would lose that
club you looking nuts he's more than a
legend who are the worst wedding singer
in the world buddy well I have a
microphone and you don't so you the
wedding singer
[Music]